Update integration libraries (#13277)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/integrations/prefect-docker/index.md

# prefect-docker

> The prefect-docker library is required to create deployments that will run in most Prefect work pool infrastructure types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The prefect-docker library is required to create deployments that will submit runs to most Prefect work pool infrastructure types.
```
